Enrich blocks-meta by adding the key (type) for OneOfBlocks (#1339)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/happy-weeks-switch.md

---
"@comet/blocks-api": major
---

Change blocks-meta.json format: the key (type) for OneOfBlocks is now included

> projets that still have a copy of generate-block-types should swtich to @comet/cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects that still have a copy of generate-block-types should switch to @comet/cli
```
